
Getting Started with Flare.

First, download Flare, of course. Next, you'll need to make a folder to contain your project, let's say 'MyProject', and inside, make an 'init.lua' file. Inside init.lua is where your main application code goes.

Below is an example script that creates a button that moves to and from x=20 and x=0, animated.

	require "UIButton"

	local button = application.view:addChild( UIButton( 0, 0, 20, 5, "Hello world!" ) )
	button.colour = colours.cyan
	button.textColour = colours.white

	local state = false
	function button:onClick()
		self.animatedX = state and 0 or 20
		state = not state
	end

Now, you'll want to run the project. Use the 'build' file in Flare/bin to do this.

	Flare/bin/build MyProject

Now, you'll have a file 'MyProject/run.lua' that you can run. You can distribute this and it will automatically download Flare if not installed.

Build can do a lot more than that. Type in 'build -h' or 'build help' and you'll get a long wall of text saying how to use it. In shorter words, take this as an example...

	build -o ./output -m main MyProject /

It will build your project, treating 'main.lua' as the main file instead of 'init.lua', and pooping out the built file to 'MyProject/output.lua'. You'll be able to require files from MyProject, as well as the root directory. Note that the ./ in the output path isn't necessary, but does keep things nicely wrapped up as the built file stays within the project.

Building then running your project every time would get tedious, so there's the 'debug' file in here too. It takes the same arguments as build, but after it builds, it also runs the file.

Right now, there aren't really any tutorials for Flare. You'd be best off looking through the demo linked on the forum post, and having a careful look through all the documentation. UIElement is the longest one, but to an extent the most important. It's also a good idea to understand the text markup system for UIText objects, so look at that too. As for the graphics, you don't really need to know anything about that unless you plan on making your own elements, and /util and /Event is internal stuff, so you can ignore it unless you plan on extending Flare. Right now, only the elements and core parts are documented, which should be all you need.

Regarding extending Flare, it's probably worth waiting for the tutorials I'm planning on writing. If you can't wait, here are some tips:
	
	Classes that extend UIElement have 'setters', so if you define "setX" and do 'object.x = blah', setX() is called with 'blah' as its first and only parameter, i.e.

		function MyClass:setX( blah )
			self.x = blah
		end

	Setting the variable inside the setter is fine, the class library won't infinitely call the setter. You may want to use the raw table for speed however, 'self.raw.x = blah'.

	'The best way to learn is to observe' - take a look through some of the elements in /lib/elements. UIButton is a great place to start for making simple objects. UIWindow is good if you want to make an element that contains a set of other elements. UIText shows how the text utilities work.
